some typos (#42)
contributing-to-kubernetes/gnosis: stories/networking/README.md

```
sudo ln -s /proc/23773/ns/net /var/run/netns/ubuntu

> # no such directory error: sudo mkdir /var/run/netns

Reviewer: Could you add the exact error message?
I dindt think to much about it here but I think it may be useful.

Author: ```suggestion
# ln: failed to create symbolic link '/var/run/netns/ubuntu': No such file or directory
# sudo mkdir /var/run/netns
```
